c:\users\viridiana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DAW\PK1_PartyInvities\bin\PK1_PartyInvities.dll.config
c:\users\viridiana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DAW\PK1_PartyInvities\bin\PK1_PartyInvities.dll
c:\users\viridiana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DAW\PK1_PartyInvities\bin\PK1_PartyInvities.pdb
c:\users\viridiana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DAW\PK1_PartyInvities\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\viridiana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DAW\PK1_PartyInvities\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\viridiana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DAW\PK1_PartyInvities\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\viridiana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DAW\PK1_PartyInvities\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\viridiana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DAW\PK1_PartyInvities\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\viridiana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DAW\PK1_PartyInvities\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\viridiana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DAW\PK1_PartyInvities\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\viridiana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DAW\PK1_PartyInvities\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\viridiana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DAW\PK1_PartyInvities\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\viridiana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DAW\PK1_PartyInvities\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\viridiana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DAW\PK1_PartyInvities\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\viridiana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DAW\PK1_PartyInvities\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\viridiana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DAW\PK1_PartyInvities\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\viridiana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DAW\PK1_PartyInvities\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\viridiana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DAW\PK1_PartyInvities\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\viridiana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DAW\PK1_PartyInvities\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\viridiana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DAW\PK1_PartyInvities\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\viridiana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DAW\PK1_PartyInvities\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\viridiana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DAW\PK1_PartyInvities\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\viridiana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DAW\PK1_PartyInvities\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\viridiana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DAW\PK1_PartyInvities\bin\es\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\viridiana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DAW\PK1_PartyInvities\bin\es\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\viridiana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DAW\PK1_PartyInvities\bin\es\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
c:\users\viridiana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DAW\PK1_PartyInvities\bin\es\System.Web.Providers.resources.dll
c:\users\viridiana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DAW\PK1_PartyInvities\bin\es\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\viridiana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DAW\PK1_PartyInvities\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\viridiana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DAW\PK1_PartyInvities\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\viridiana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DAW\PK1_PartyInvities\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\viridiana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DAW\PK1_PartyInvities\obj\Debug\PK1_PartyInvities.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\viridiana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DAW\PK1_PartyInvities\obj\Debug\PK1_PartyInvities.dll
c:\users\viridiana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DAW\PK1_PartyInvities\obj\Debug\PK1_PartyInvities.pdb
